README.md, before:

## SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance
SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance

Quick Links:

 * [About SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance](#about_this_module)
 * [Update](#update)
 * [About SunFounder](#about_sunfounder)
 * [License](#license)
 * [Contact us](#contact_us)

<a id="about_this_module"></a>
### About SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance:
This module is for SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance the PCB board, 25KHz Ultra sonic avoidance module

<a id="update"></a>
### Update:
2016-09-26:
 - New Release

----------------------------------------------
<a id="about_sunfounder"></a>
### About SunFounder
SunFounder is a technology company focused on Raspberry Pi and Arduino open source community development. Committed to the promotion of open source culture, we strives to bring the fun of electronics making to people all around the world and enable everyone to be a maker. Our products include learning kits, development boards, robots, sensor modules and development tools. In addition to high quality products, SunFounder also offers video tutorials to help you make your own project. If you have interest in open source or making something cool, welcome to join us!

----------------------------------------------
<a id="license"></a>
### License
This is the code for SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wa rranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details run ./show w. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; run ./show c for details.

SunFounder, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program 'SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance' (which makes passes at compilers).

Mike Huang, 21 August 2015

Mike Huang, Chief Executive Officer

Email: service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com

----------------------------------------------
<a id="contact_us"></a>
### Contact us:
website:
	www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
	service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com

Commit message:

Modify the readme to reference the line follower

README.md, after:

## SunFounder Line Follower
SunFounder Line Follower

Quick Links:

 * [About SunFounder Line Follower](#about_this_module)
 * [Update](#update)
 * [About SunFounder](#about_sunfounder)
 * [License](#license)
 * [Contact us](#contact_us)

<a id="about_this_module"></a>
### About SunFounder Line Follower:
This code is for SunFounder Line Follower module


<a id="update"></a>
### Update:
2016-09-26:
 - New Release

----------------------------------------------
<a id="about_sunfounder"></a>
### About SunFounder
SunFounder is a technology company focused on Raspberry Pi and Arduino open source community development. Committed to the promotion of open source culture, we strives to bring the fun of electronics making to people all around the world and enable everyone to be a maker. Our products include learning kits, development boards, robots, sensor modules and development tools. In addition to high quality products, SunFounder also offers video tutorials to help you make your own project. If you have interest in open source or making something cool, welcome to join us!

----------------------------------------------
<a id="license"></a>
### License
This is the code for SunFounder Line Follower.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wa rranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

SunFounder Line Follower comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details run ./show w. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; run ./show c for details.

SunFounder, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program 'SunFounder UltraSonic_Avoidance' (which makes passes at compilers).

Mike Huang, 21 August 2015

Mike Huang, Chief Executive Officer

Email: service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com

----------------------------------------------
<a id="contact_us"></a>
### Contact us:
website:
	www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
	service@sunfounder.com, support@sunfounder.com
